Log in to the AWS Management Console: Open the AWS Console here and log in with your credentials.

Create a Lambda Function:

Go to the Lambda service from the AWS Management Console.
Click on the Create function button.
Choose Author from Scratch.
Enter a name for your function (e.g., AddNumbers for the first function or UploadFileToS3 for the second).
Choose a runtime. For both functions, you should select Python 3.9 or Python 3.x (the runtime you want).
Select or create an IAM role with permissions to execute the Lambda function. For the second function (UploadFileToS3), make sure the role has permissions to interact with S3 (e.g., AmazonS3FullAccess).
Set Up the Lambda Code:

In the Lambda function editor, copy the code provided for either the Add Two Numbers function or the Upload File to S3 function.
Paste the code into the editor and click Deploy to save it.
2. Set Up a Test Event in Lambda Console
Once your function is created, you can test it by setting up a test event.

Create Test Event:

In the Lambda function page, click on the Test button at the top right.

In the Configure test event section, enter the input for your function (i.e., the event data).

For the Add Two Numbers function, your test event should look like this:

Example Test Input for Add Two Numbers:

json
Copy
Edit
{
  "num1": 5,
  "num2": 10
}
Example Test Input for Upload File to S3:

json
Copy
Edit
{
  "bucket_name": "your-bucket-name",
  "file_name": "document.pdf",
  "file_data": "base64_encoded_data_here"
}
Run the Test:

Click the Test button to invoke the Lambda function with the test event data.
Check the output and logs below to see if the function executed successfully.
3. View Lambda Execution Results
After running the test, you’ll see the result of the Lambda function execution.
If the function worked correctly, you should see the success message returned by the function (e.g., the sum of the numbers or a confirmation message that the file was uploaded to S3).
If there are any issues, error messages will be shown, and you can debug based on the error details.